SteelSeries Engine 3 was built to
enhance your gaming experience when you
purchase one of our products it's a
compact lightweight software solution
that really allows you to customize your
gear exactly the way you want to game
with it you can do so much just with the
hardware with the stock drivers in your
OS engine sits on top of that and gives
you a nice easy way to configure
everything to be able to switch your
configuration between applications and
over time more and more features using
your hardware together for instance you
can build your profiles and
configurations by game or application
and with the software suite running in
the background it'll auto deploy your
settings every time you switch focus to
that game or application we found we
have minimal impact on the system so
when you're renting your game you have
very small piece of the application
actually resident on your machine and
running so it takes up virtually no
cycles and very little memory it really
is the true marriage of hardware and
software and how we think about products
we try to build the best performing
Mouse we work with top development
studios out there to pick the best
sensors for our mice but there are so
much extra features and benefits that we
can bring into a gamer that can be
realized through software and building
these SteelSeries Engine 3 was more than
just building a software suite for Mac
OS a software suite for Windows it was
about building an ecosystem and about
thinking about all of our products from
the ground up and what changes that a
gamer might never notice would make a
slightly more reliable
so for our headsets we have a very rich
configuration environment in the
SteelSeries Engine 3 a couple that with
the ability to do per application
profiles and configurations the 10 band
equalizer the Dolby settings you can
have everything configured for Wow to
give you a fully immersive ambient
experience and a different configuration
for a first-person shooter so you can
hear very fine details like footsteps
sneaking up on you and based on what
game you're running engine will
automatically reconfigure your hardware
to match when designing the rival Gaming
Mouse we really focused on very unique
and differentiating features we actually
in the software allow you to create
Mouse acceleration or deceleration which
allows you to increase the sensitivity
of your mouse depending on how fast you
are physically moving your mouse
deceleration is the opposite it will
slow it down Mouse the acceleration can
be useful if you are playing a
first-person shooter and you want to
slow down your hand movement when you're
trying to snipe mouse acceleration can
be useful if you're trying to do a quick
180 turn we obviously built the hardware
in mind to have no inherent acceleration
in the hardware this allows the gamer
the choice to choose if they want to add
add acceleration add deceleration or
have no acceleration we've also added
other features like angle snapping angle
stamping does a heuristics algorithm
which monitors your cursor movement and
if you turn an angle stamping on it will
help correct your human error and you
can move left to right or top to bottom
in a straight line we also have some
pretty simple features features that are
exciting but simple to use you can
change the RGB values of two zones on
the mouse you can do lighting effects
you can have any color you want breathe
slow medium
and you can even do color shift we have
presets where it allow you to cycle
through a rainbow of colors three words
I'd use to describe SteelSeries Engine 3
would be performance excellence and
delight so performance of the
application itself excellence in the
technologies we've chosen to implement
it with and the approaches we've taken
and the actual code base and delight for
the user experience